M0137W-661 add SDK 5.5.3 to sdkChangelog page (#391)
MicroEJ/docs: SDKUserGuide/sdkChangeLog.rst

SDK Changelog
-------------

.. _changelog-5.5.3:

[5.5.3] - 2022-05-03
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

General
"""""""

> -  Fixed Module build issue on Windows with JDK 8.0.331.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-  Fixed error ``Can't parse module descriptor`` when building a Module on Windows with a JDK 8.0.331+.
```
